You are married?
OK
Good. University reunion next week
Bring your husband
Let everyone know you
My husband
Busy with work
And I happen to have something to do next week
Let's make an appointment next time.
Let's talk about that.
He wants to see you for a long time
Come on.
Late Night
Susu
Why are you here?
Late Night
I ask you
Did you really betray Zhou Huajie because of money?
Did you also abort his child?
Yes
Be the boss
It seems true
Jiang Wan, you really make me sick
I don't have you as a friend anymore
Su Qifeng told me about your encounter with Jiang Wanyi today
Tell me one by one
OK
Notify Jiang Wanyi
Let him arrive in Tianjin on time for the interview tomorrow
Wait a minute to release